Fix CAA docs regarding `issue` and `issuewild` tags (#1130)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/caa-record.markdown

## Policies restricting certificate issuance to specific types and CAs

CAA records can control the issuance of single-name certificates, wildcard certificates, or both, though the `issue` and `issuewild` tags:
- `issue` sets a policy for for single-name **and** wildcard certificate issuance.
- `issuewild` sets a policy for wildcard certificate issuance.

<warning>

> The presence of `issuewild` overrides any CAA record with the `issue` tag in the same name for the same CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The presence of `issuewild` overrides any CAA record with the `issue` tag for the same DNS qualified name.
```

That's actually irrelevant if it's the same CA or not. If an `issuewild` it is present, it takes precedence over any `issue` for wildcard.

```
example.com.  CAA 0 issue "ca1.example"
example.com.  CAA 0 issuewild "ca2.example"
```

The example above will allow ONLY ca1 to issue single-name, and ONLY ca2 to issue wildcard.

Author: What about:

> When requesting a certificate for a wildcard domain name, the presence of `issuewild` overrides any CAA record with the `issue` tag in the same name

example.com.  CAA 0 issuewild "sectigo.com"
```

**Complex permissions for Let's Encrypt**

```
example.com.  CAA 0 issue "letsencrypt.org;validationmethods=dns-01"
example.com.  CAA 0 issuewild "letsencrypt.org"
```

> With this setup, Let'sEncrypt can issue certificates for example.com using the DNS validation method, while allowing any validation method for wildcard certificates only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setup, Let's Encrypt can issue certificates for example.com using the DNS validation method, while allowing any validation method for wildcard certificates only.
```
